.TH "shd_smini_probe" 1 "3.7.0" SHD "User Commands"
.SH NAME
shd_smini_probe \- SMINI Hardware Driver Peripheral Report Utility
.SH DESCRIPTION
Report detailed information on SHD-supported Software Radio Peripherals
attached by USB, network, or embedded configuration.
.LP
The SHD package is the universal hardware driver for Ettus Research products. The goal
is to provide a host driver and API for current and future Ettus Research products.
Users will be able to use the SHD driver standalone or with 3rd party applications.
.LP
Details include unit names, revision numbers, and available sensors on all attached
SMINI motherboards and daughterboards.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B  shd_smini_probe [OPTIONS]
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "Device Address Arguments:"
--args \fIarg\fR
.IP "Print a complete property tree:"
--tree
.IP "Query a string value from the properties tree:"
--string \fIarg\fR
.IP "Print the version string and exit:"
--version
.IP "This help information:"
--help
.SH IDENTIFYING SMINI DEVICES
.sp
Devices are addressed through key/value string pairs.
These string pairs can be used to narrow down the search for a specific device or group of devices.
Most SHD utility applications and examples have a \-\-args parameter that takes a device address,
where the device address is expressed as a delimited string.
See the documentation in types/device_addr.hpp for reference.

Every device has several ways of identifying it on the host system.
.SS Identifying by hardware identifier
.sp

All SMINI devices can be found through their hardware series identifier, which match to SMINI
devices as follows:

Argument    |  Device

type=smini1  |  SMINI1

type=smini2  |  SMINI2, SMINI N200, SMINI N210

type=b100   |  SMINI B100

type=b200   |  SMINI B200, SMINI B210

type=e100   |  SMINI E100, SMINI E110

type=e3x0   |  SMINI E310

type=x300   |  SMINI X300, SMINI X310


.SS Identifying by serial number

All SMINI devices are given a unique serial number, which can be used to identify a device as follows:

serial=12345678

.SS Identifying by IP address

SMINI2, SMINI N200, SMINI N210, SMINI X300, and SMINI X310 devices connected to the host machine can all be found through their
IP addresses, as follows:

addr=192.168.10.2

.SS Identifying by name

Users have the option of giving their SMINI devices short names using the smini_burn_mb_eeprom utility
in lib/shd/utils. Devices that have been given a name can be identified as follows:

name=foo

.fi
.fi
.SH EXAMPLES
.SS Device discovery via command line
.sp
Device address arguments can be supplied to narrow the scope of the search.
.sp
.nf
.ft C
shd_smini_probe \-\-args="type=smini1"

\-\- OR \-\-

shd_smini_probe \-\-args="serial=12345678"
.ft P
.fi
.IP "Find all devices available to this system:"
shd_smini_probe
.SH SEE ALSO
SHD documentation:
.B http://files.ettus.com/manual/
.LP
GR-SHD documentation:
.B http://gnuradio.org/doc/doxygen/page_shd.html
.LP
Other SHD programs:
.sp
shd_find_devices(1)
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Maitland Bottoms and Nicholas Corgan
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2010 Ettus Research LLC
.LP
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.LP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
