.TH "smini_x3xx_fpga_burner" 1 "3.7.0" SHD "User Commands"
.SH NAME
smini_x3xx_fpga_burner - SMINI X-Series FPGA Burner
.SH DESCRIPTION
Burn an FPGA image onto a connected SMINI X-Series device. The program takes
two main arguments. The first is either an IP address or an NI-RIO resource 
to decide the method of loading the FPGA image. The other is either the
type of image to burn, in which case the program will choose the default image
of that type and model, or a custom FPGA image path.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B  smini_x3xx_fpga_burner [OPTIONS]
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "Device IP Address:"
--addr=\fI"Address"\fR
. IP "Device NI-RIO Resource:"
--resource=\fI"Resource"\fR
. IP "RPC Port:"
--rpc-port=\fI"Port"\fR (default=5444)
. IP "Image Type (1G, HG, or XG):"
--type=\fI"Type"\fR
. IP "Custom FPGA path:"
--fpga-path=\fI"Path"\fR
. IP "Initialize SMINI with image currently burned onto device (Ethernet only):"
--configure
. IP "Verify image during Ethernet burn (takes longer):"
--verify
. IP "List connected SMINI X-Series devices:"
--list
.IP "This help information:"
--help
.SH EXAMPLES
.SS Burning a 1-Gigabit image over Ethernet
.sp
smini_x3xx_fpga_burner --addr=192.168.10.2 --type=1G
.SS Burning a Hybrid image over PCIe
smini_x3xx_fpga_burner --resource=RIO0 --type=HG
.SS Burning a custom FPGA image over Ethernet
smini_x3xx_fpga_burner --addr=192.168.10.2 --fpga=path="custom_image.bit"
.ft
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
SHD documentation:
.B http://files.ettus.com/manual/
.LP
GR-SHD documentation:
.B http://gnuradio.org/doc/doxygen/page_shd.html
.LP
Other SHD programs:
.sp
shd_images_downloader(1) smini2_card_burner(1) smini_n2xx_simple_net_burner(1) octoclock_firmware_burner(1)
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Nicholas Corgan
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2014 Ettus Research LLC
.LP
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.LP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
